perf: add redwood compatibility (#55)
eduNEXT/eox-theming: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## v7.1.1 - 2024-07-17

Reviewer: Should we add a description of redwood support?

> ## v7.2.0 - 2024-07-24

Reviewer: We can update the date, please. After that, I will leave my approval

### Changed
- **Update requirements**: The `requirements` for both the plugin and the `GitHub workflows` have been upgraded.

### Fixed

> - **Sending wrong footer in the Wiki**: The issue occurred when only the template directory for the current theme was being returned. If this directory didn't exist, the default template was returned instead ([issue #9](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-release/issues/9)). This problem was resolved by executing the `get_theme_template_sources` method from the `EoxThemeFilesystemLoader`, which retrieves the template directories not only for the current theme but also for its parent and grandparent themes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Django templates were not found according to the THEME_OPTIONS definition**: The issue occurred because the function `get_template_sources`  only returns the directory for the current theme, then If this directory doesn't exist, the default template is returned instead ([issue #9](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-release/issues/9)). This problem was resolved by executing the `get_theme_template_sources` method from the `EoxThemeFilesystemLoader`, which retrieves the template directories not only for the current theme but also for its parent and grandparent themes.
```

> - **Django templates were not found according to the THEME_OPTIONS definition**: The issue occurred because the function `get_template_sources` only returns the directory for the current theme, then if this directory doesn't exist, the default template is returned instead ([issue #9](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-release/issues/9)). This problem was resolved by executing the `get_theme_template_sources` method from the `EoxThemeFilesystemLoader`, which retrieves the template directories not only for the current theme but also for its parent and grandparent themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Django templates were not found according to the THEME_OPTIONS definition**: The issue occurred because the `get_theme_template_sources` method only returns the directory for the current theme, then if this directory doesn't exist, the default template is returned instead ([issue #9](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-release/issues/9)). This problem was resolved by executing the `get_theme_template_sources` method from the `EoxThemeFilesystemLoader`, which retrieves the template directories not only for the current theme but also for its parent and grandparent themes.
```
